hey guys what's up i played a 99 here
and i have some really cool news that if
you haven't already known about that
it's the next pokemon set coming up it's
a new expansion from black and white
that's called pokemon black and white
dark explorers i'm going to read what it
says toots is brace yourself to explore
the darkness what's out there in the
darkness waiting to be discovered play
the Pokemon Trading Card Game black and
white dark explorers expansion and find
them all in addition to more Pokemon TX
like tornado CX right qex and groudon TX
the shadows are filled with other
exceptional surprises like darkrai X and
a host of printer cars that will knock
your opponent's lights up when you play
black in my deck exploit so you will not
only explored the darkness you'll rule
it more aware and powerful pokémon TX
include the amazing dark rye TX 6
amazing Pokemon X cards with art
covering the entire card so I guess
there are six full arts theme decks
built around the popular config
Rodriguez and Zorich I hate configured
gigas but the zoroark one might be cool
exciting holographic parallel set for
players and collectors alike over a
hundred cards and all I wonder what the
shinies are going to be in the set
because it used to be like Gardevoir and
pokemon catcher and the japanese set so
be interesting to see what put the
english book one does with this players
can continue expand the game playing the
Pokemon Trading Card Game online each
booster pack contains one code card that
gives access to additional online
booster pack and each theme that
contains one code card that gives access
to an international debt so it I guess
it's in stores may 2012 so my birthday
is in may so maybe I'll get a booster
box from the set like mine black and
white next destinies booster box
yeah I'm really excited about this I
can't wait for the so I guess this is
like dark rush because ricooo VX was in
dark Russian so it was tornadoes which I
both have in Japanese here so I can show
you what they probably will look like
there's the tornadoes and so just
imagine this these cards in English I
guess so that tornado CX not I don't
have the full out of this but I got that
got these from a guy on youtube so kind
of a waste of money now that the other
ones are coming out right Huey X as well
so i guess to look like this and last
pokemon does something completely
different which i doubt they will
because they haven't in the last few
sets so that it's called black and white
dark explorers I guess the dark rye TX
supposed to be really good and I guess
with new 2x and dark rye it will be a
really good too one-two punch
combination so that should be a good
deck builder for you guys i'm not i am
not a player understood collector so it
says yeah so brace yourself to explore
the darkness guys peace